W-18614816 Add new example agent policies to list of PDK example policies (#866)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.3/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-policy-templates.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

Flex Gateway Policy Development Kit (PDK) provides example policy projects to help you start configuring your Rust source code.

You can find all example policies and their documentation in the https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples[PDK Custom Policy GitHub Repository].

> == Policy Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== API Policy Examples
```

* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/{template-policies-url-ver-var}/simple-oauth-2-validation/README.md[Simple OAuth 2.0 Validation Policy Example]: Use the Simple OAuth 2.0 Validation Policy as an example of how to implement xref:policies-pdk-configure-features-http-request.adoc[HTTP calls] in your custom policy.
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/{template-policies-url-ver-var}/spike/README.md[Spike Policy Example]: Use the Spike Policy as an example of how to configure worker spike control by implementing xref:policies-pdk-configure-features-timer.adoc[periodic functions].
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/{template-policies-url-ver-var}/tls-calls/README.md[TLS Calls Policy Example]: Use the TLS Calls Policy as an example of how to make HTTPS calls in your policy without installing certificates on the operating system running Flex Gateway.

> == A2A and MCP Policy Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== A2A and MCP Server Policy Examples
```

The included xref:gateway::flex-agent-policies.adoc[] already provide support for A2A and MCP.

> You can also use these example policies to understand how to customize Flex Gateway support for A2A and MCP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDK includes the following A2A and MCP example policies:
```

I personally think we should remove the above line. And just go for something like thi.

* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/{template-policies-url-ver-var}/spike/README.md[Spike Policy Example]: Use the Spike Policy as an example of how to configure worker spike control by implementing xref:policies-pdk-configure-features-timer.adoc[periodic functions].
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/{template-policies-url-ver-var}/tls-calls/README.md[TLS Calls Policy Example^]: Use the TLS Calls Policy as an example of how to make HTTPS calls in your policy without installing certificates on the operating system running Flex Gateway.

Agent Policies:

> In addition to the included xref:gateway::flex-agent-policies.adoc[], you can use these examples policies to customize how Flex Gateway handles support for A2A and MCP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the included xref:gateway::flex-agent-policies.adoc[], you can use these example policies to customize how Flex Gateway handles support for A2A and MCP:
```

> * https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/agent-policies/a2a-support-policy/README.md[A2A Support Policy Example^]: Use the A2A Support Policy as an example of how to add A2A Support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/agent-policies/a2a-support-policy/README.md[A2A Support Policy Example]: Use the A2A Support Policy as an example of how to add A2A Support.
```

Reviewer 2: Globally
Please, remember that there's no need to add the caret symbol. Antora adds it automagically in the build for external links.
